[Music]
jumps now Oh fabulous girl from K sling
[Applause]
number eleven seventy sling Bayer
Leverkusen striker last season's top
scorer with his top or little Eagles
chops now Oh fabulous golf from K sling
that is an excellent header and it's to
to great reply
[Applause]
[Music]
Keasling anticipated that beautifully
it's over the keeper a Mac cigar it's so
easy for step flunkies Lee
[Applause]
[Music]
that's his free-kick good head up it's a
goal
Stefan key scene guest number seven of
the season made room for himself
executed perfectly C Mon Rufus putting
Keasling and Keasling his left fly one
nil to Leverkusen in Freiburg
what a delightful shot from Stefan
Kiessling he really rifled that one in
C Mon office Keasling he's taking on the
whole hair to defense and he's got there
what a great girl from Stefan Keys Lee
to nil to labor couse it and that was
all of key slings making wind pass one
went past to cut back and water strike
that is sign up now for the Bundesliga
YouTube channel here here yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah